#12 - create docs about Vue (#29)
bethinkpl/bit-docs: vue.md

# Vue

**Prerequisite knowledge**: js, es6, single-page application, framework, npm

## Intro
Vue.js (commonly referred to as Vue; pronounced /vjuː/, like view) is an open-source JavaScript framework for building user interfaces and single-page applications. Vue.js features an incrementally adoptable architecture that focuses on declarative rendering and component composition. Advanced features required for complex applications such as routing, state management and build tooling are offered via officially maintained supporting libraries and packages. [[Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vue.js)]

## Classification / acceptance questions

### Apprentice aka _Hello World_
* I can instantiate Vue object
* I can create a component
* I understand Vue component lifecycle
* I can use Vue template syntax to render component HTML

### Intermediate aka _My first SPA_
**Prerequisite knowledge**: sass

> * I can use conditional rendering (`v-if` vs `v-show`)

Reviewer: I would mention different ways of registering components:
- global components
- import component file inside different component

Author: > import component file inside different component

IMO this is a default way to import components. I'll mention about global components somewhere.

* I can render a list (`v-for`)
* I can style a component
* I can pass pass parameters to a component (`props`)
* I can emit and handle component events (`$emit`)

> * I can use computed properties and watchers

Reviewer: I would mention somewhere the difference between computed and data.

Author: Done

* I can handle form input using `v-model`
* I can pass content inside another component using slots
* I can dynamically switch between components using `<component>`
* I can use filters for data transformations in templates

### Advanced aka _TODO SPA_
* I can use an external plugin
* I can use routes to navigate in the application using Vue router
* I can use Vuex state manager to simplify data flow in the application
* I can validate Prop Types
* I can use scoped slots to access data from the child component

> * I can use `<transition>` component to make the application more smooth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* I can use `<transition>` component to make the application smoother
```

* I can prepare production build

> 

Reviewer: I would mention somewhere mixins

Author: Done

### Master aka _Under the hood_
**Prerequisite knowledge**: debugger
* I can create my own plugin

> * I can debug Vue application using Vue.js devtools

Reviewer: Vue devtools can be useful right from the beginning. What is more, I think they can make it easier to understand what's happening under the hood.

Author: I personally wasn't using such tools at low levels. What is your experience?

Reviewer: I started using it right away. I'm using dev tools for other frameworks as well and at the very beginning I use them to track the data flow and better understand what is happening under the hood. But this is my default way of learning, first understand, then write :)
